OSDOCS-18008 [NETOBSERV] New Feature: NetFlow table enhancements (#105484)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-observability-analyzing-network-traffic-flow-table.adoc

//Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// network_observability/network-observability-netflow-table.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="network-observability-analyzing-network-traffic-flow-table_{context}"]
= Analyzing network traffic with the flow table

[role="_abstract"]
The Network Observability Operator flow table provides a granular, real-time view of network traffic within the cluster.

The flow table aggregates data collected by the eBPF agent and displays it within the {product-title} web console. These enhancements allow network administrators to isolate specific traffic patterns across both containerized and virtualized workloads.

[id="key-features-enhanced-flow-table_{context}"]
== Key features of the Network Observability Operator flow table

> * SDN-integrated IP management: For clusters using OVN-Kubernetes, the table tracks and displays IP addresses assigned to OpenShift Virtual Machines. This allows you to manage IP address management (IPAM) directly within the SDN rather than relying on external DHCP solutions.

Reviewer: That sentence is misleading to me. I feel we should not mention only VMs case and not talk about OVN related features. Something like:

```suggestion
* Smart enrichment: The table tracks and displays IP addresses assigned to resources such as Nodes, Deployments, Virtual Machines and Availability Zones. This allows you to manage IP address management (IPAM) directly within the SDN rather than relying on external DHCP solutions.
```
